[rocprofiler-compute] Remove TCP_TCP_LATENCY_sum counter for MI300 (#2174)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/CHANGELOG.md

* Corrected peak VALU Roofline profiling and analysis by removing `FP8` VALU and `BF16` VALU benchmarking.

### Removed

> * Removed "VL1 Lat" metric for MI 300 series which uses unsupported counter TCP_TCP_LATENCY for MI 300 series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed "VL1 Lat" metric for AMD Instinct MI300 series GPUs, due to MI300 series not supporting TCP_TCP_LATENCY_sum counter.
```

Added branding to follow other mentions of mi series products already mentioned in changelog. Added _sum to counter name. Re-word for clarity on 300 series not supporting this counter but open to alternatives. @prbasyal-amd might be able to chime in quickly on this.

Reviewer 2: Looks good. Reworded "accelerators" to "GPUs". All public brandings are being replaced with GPUs.
